All right welcome back my students.
So we have created at a valuation function a year for our form which is pretty cool right now.
All right.
It's a pretty cool validation and you can't stand it even make it better if you won.
If you take more time for it.
But right now we need to create our registered user functionality.
All right.
So you can make some comments here you know in you say function and this code here would be to post
requests something like this.
And I'd like to do this but I'm not going to waste time on this cause doing that because that's going
to take a lot of your time doing it.
So make sure you put some comments here so that I know that what you know where you are and you know
why the code is actually doing so.
You can put some comments right here in here as well and say what a clean function he's doing and all
that.
So that way six months from now or two weeks from now you know exactly what you did.
So it's always good to put comments on your code.
Right.
But anyway let's create the register.
Sister.
He's not spelling very good to the register user function.
All right.
And while we want to do is taking some data.
So this function right here is validating it.
All right it would be also very good to skip all these data before we even get to the re user user.
Or we can scape it right here in the register user.
Right so we can take that data.
Let's take the first name for example let's take the last name.
Let's take the user name.
Let's take the e-mail.
Oops.
What else do we have.
We have the password.
All right.
And then we can put all that information there.
So here what we can do is we can use one of our functions e-mail address that we can check for the e-mail
first.
All right.
Then we can register the use and we return false or something like that.
And the one else f here and we can check for the user name if the user name is just
and we go and we pass in the username
and let me actually.
Wait a minute.
All right this function is not scaping it.
All right.
So make sure that you scaped before you even said it.
Send it in.
So it will be very good if you skip all these data.
All right.
So let's actually escape right here.
So that way we don't have a problem with it let's just use our escape function that we created earlier
and escape it.
First name and we do this a couple of times right.
And I think we need one more here last name
scaping this data is not very fun but he has to be done that way we prevent it prevents you or injection.
All right.
Shoot me and this would be my own
right.
And the last one password.
All right.
We've got to do something else with the password because we can actually say this password like this
in the in the Users table.
All right.
So anyway once you skip all these data then we can do things with it.
So let's continue here.
We're going to return for as well with this if we find a user name in there else.
This right now statement here that's what they are for.
Else.
All right.
Here we're going to do our Querrey.
So we can say I ask you well and then we doing screen to like that.
All right.
But anyway before we do that we have to do something to this bass We're right here.
So all right what I want to do is I want encrypted so I'm going to use the 5 and this function will
encrypt this password.
All right.
Of course we can make this a lot more secure by appending micro time to all the time whatever.
There's a whole bunch of other ways of doing it.
But this is very secure right now.
Right.
It maybe in the future will ask for more actual lectures on how to make this evening more secure than
this.
But right now this is good enough for this application.
All right.
This is very secure right now anyway.
So once the state is clean we come here and we're starting to users and we're going to do the first
part in this lecture and then on the next election we'll continue we'll do the last part of his registration.
All right.
But anyway then we start inserting here the values the column names first name last name user name email
whoops what else password.
And there are a couple more columns that we need actually validation code.
One does a column that is on the database.
So we need some type of value for that.
And we also have active that's going to be 0 and is 0 by the form we're just going to put that value
in there.
All right.
So we need this validation code here somewhere.
OK.
So to make that I'm actually going to do something else aswell Well I'm going to grab the user name
and a hash you as well.
I'm going to create a validation code encrypt it and do some crazy stuff with it.
All right.
So let's see what we can do.
Let's just do the five and I'll show you what we can do with micro time.
And this has the user name and the user names because sometimes the user is pretty long and we can use
that and then we can spend my crew time to it.
The micro time function.
All right.
And that could give us a really nice validation code if we wanted to.
Well that's what we're going to be using for this one.
We might change it in the future and provide something a little bit stronger than that but this is really
good right now.
All right.
So in the next lecture We'll continue with this Querrey and we'll get it to where we can register the
user and then do all the good things with it.
Finish this and then we'll finish the rest on the next lecture.
I make sure that you have this all these fields correctly here.
Remember these other columns for your use are stable.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next week's lecture.
Take care.